-[all groaning]
-I can't--
[Touya grunts] I can't reach it.
[straining]
[grunts]
[Touya] Did it stop?
[matchstick flicks]
Where do you think we are?
I have no idea.
EPISODE 3: LUNATIC SEVEN
I didn't know a tube like this
even existed before.
[Touya] Well, at least there's some air.
This is probably a path
for maintenance drones.
I just hope it's connected
to someplace safe.
If we can't find a way outta here…
-[Hiroshi groans]
-No one will die today.
Ow!
How do you know no one will die today?
Because that's what it says
in the Seven Poem.
PROPHECIES
Quit it with the superstitions!
This is a time when we need
to make smart decisions based on science.
We'll do what we have to.
Mina, Mina. Mina!
So, uh, we've evacuated
into some sort of tunnel
or tube thingamajig.
We were helped out
by a good Samaritan wearing a costume.
There he is, right back there.
Who are you and who are you dressed as?
I'm the station fairy, Anshin-kun.
Uh, right, right. [chuckles]
What I mean is, who's the person inside?
-There is no one inside, Mina.
-[both gasp]
-Who's that?
-That's the chief.
The chief, right. Now I see.
No, I don't. What's he the chief of?
Just show them your face, Chief.
[whimpering]
[both exclaim]
-[both] Oh.
-He's just some old man under there.
He's not just any old man.
He's the chief designer of this station…
-[chuckles]
-…Kokubunji.
I'm the former chief designer.
My job was eliminated when
the Deegle Corporation bought this place.
Wow. Then you must know the station
like the back of your hand.
Do you how we can get out of here?
-[Kokubunji] Sure.
-For reals?
[Anshin-kun] Well,
I did do a good portion of the design.
Wait. I don't remember
this area looking like this.
[Mina] You only designed a portion?
[Hiroshi] How much of a portion?
[Anshin-kun] About 70%.
[Mina] So you're saying
there's 30% you don't know about?
[Anshin-kun] Aha! There's air
on the other side of this hatch.
Whoa.
[straining]
A little help, please?
Everyone push.
[loud thud]
[groaning]
Ah, we did it. We're saved.
Oh, thank goodness.
The backup batteries still work.
But we have no idea
if they'll last much longer.
This is a storefront
used for visitors to experience EVA.
Uh, what's EVA?
It's space walking.
You wear space suits and go outside.
Nasa, are you all right?
Wow. It's the Apollo space suit.
Whoa. What's this?
-[Touya] Don't touch it!
-Huh?
There isn't any air beyond this bulkhead.
There's a hole out there somewhere.
If you open it, we're all done for.
Another dead end.
Then how do we get back to the shuttle?
The ring corridor.
If we walk over to Mars,
we should be able
to climb up to the shuttle.
[Hiroshi] Huh?
[Mina] There is no ring corridor.
That's right. I forgot.
The corridor is still under construction.
The other side isn't complete either.
-Air is leaking out too.
-Huh?
Soon this area is
going to be uninhabitable for humans.
What? Touya!
Are we going to die here?
We're not going to die yet.
The neighboring cylinder
still has backup battery power.
We have no choice but to go there.
But we don't have a path to get us there.
We do have a path.
[all] Huh?
[Touya] We'll go outside
and use the catwalk that the drones use.
Outside? Outside, like in space?
There's no other way.
-All right! That means we can do EVA!
-No, no, no.
Don't you need
some kind of special training to do that?
-Mm-hmm.
-Normally.
I won't do it. [scoffs]
-[Anshin-kun] Have no fear.
-[both] Huh?
I'm very experienced in EVA.
So just follow me.
I even have my custom space suit
at the ready at all times.
[all exclaim]
-[Mina gasps]
-Wow.
-It's an Orlan.
-What's an Orlan?
-It's an old antique space suit.
-Fine. But I think we can close this now.
I designed all these fun characters
to help promote this ship,
but they never let me implement them.
Finally, the day has come.
-Ah?
-Huh?
[Touya] Chief?
-Who are all of you strangers?
-Huh?
-[Mina] Huh?
-Chief, calm down.
Sit down over here.
[Touya sighs] Not again.
Uh, what's going on?
Sudden onset dementia.
-Wha--
-It happens sometimes.
He'll be better soon.
Tell me, Chief, what's your full name?
Anshin-kun. The… [groans]
[Taiyou sighs]
I'll go get some space suits.
[gasps] I'm telling you I can't!
I've never taken a walk in space before.
There was no mention of this
in the brochure.
You'll walk. Otherwise, you'll die.
-What?
-Touya, please.
Space is part of the natural world.
It's part of nature,
and nature isn't your friend.
SPACE IS OUR FRIEND!
It's an enemy that'll come
and kill you if you let your guard down.
Well, that isn't very comforting.
Your choice is to follow me
and live, or die.
I'm gonna post
a scathing review of this later.
I'm-- I'm so sorry.
He doesn't mean it. [sighs]
But what Touya said is completely right.
You can complain, but you'd still die.
Are you seriously
taking his side over your own sister?
And besides all that,
I've always wanted to try EVA.
Touya, wait up! I wanna help!
You are the worst brother ever!
[groans]
I have no choice. I have to do it.
Damn. This one has a hole in it.
This one's still under maintenance.
-This isn't good.
-Yeah.
We can't use any of these space suits.
I'll help too.
-I studied up on the equipment.
-Okay. Great.
Cool.
Um…
I guess you know I have
an awful lot of respect for you, Touya.
I hope there's gonna be more people
like you representing the human race.
And I believe
what Seven said about the future,
that humans should leave Earth
for good one day.
Anyway, it's been really great
getting to know you.
Mmm. Yeah, you too.
Oh, and I'm sorry
about all the finger flicking before.
Not at all. It was an honor.
Please do it anytime.
Yeah, I don't think I will.
[chuckles]
-[Mina] Hey!
-Hmm?
I'm here and I've decided to survive.
So, put me to work.
Uh, Konoha?
Yeah? What's up, Mina?
I'm really sorry about before.
I ask too many personal questions, huh?
Don't worry about it.
[Mina] Hmm.
Yes! I'm going to survive
and get more followers than Touya.
Hmm. Hey Touya?
Yeah, what's up?
I think you should be the one
to lead us on our walk,
at least until we get over to the shuttle.
-Huh?
-Nasa is still way too injured,
and the chief's dementia makes me worried.
No. You should do it.
You're clearly the better leader
since you're so bossy.
-Huh?
-But I'm not experienced with space.
Touya is the best person for the job.
We don't need a leader
or anything like that,
because in space there's no hierarchy.
-[Taiyou] No. You're wrong.
-[scoffs]
Just to let you all know,
I'm not very good
at reading the temperature of the room.
Yeah, we know.
[Hiroshi] In space, there's no room
to take the temperature of.
[growls] Fine.
But if I fail, don't blame it on me.
Hmm. It's decided then.
[Touya]
We have to find reliable space suits.
There's one right here.
That's just for show. Wear it out there,
and you'll die instantly.
Oh, a wheelchair.
What's this thing?
What is this place?
Looks like an air lock.
I found some space suits.
[Touya]
Mina found an ONIQLO ball for toddlers.
And Taiyou found
two atmospheric space suits,
plus the online suit.
The chief has his own Orlan,
which means we're two suits short.
Won't the ONIQLO suits we're wearing work?
These are more like
a temporary life jacket for space.
Go out in this,
you won't last five minutes.
Please define, "won't last"?
-[Touya] You'll explode.
-Explode?
[whining]
[exclaims, sighs]
Hmm. In this air pressure,
we're gonna have
less nitrogen in our blood.
-Touya, are you sure?
-Yeah.
We might be able to go outside
in the ONIQLO.
Huh? But you just told me we'd explode.
We can fill it with air
for atmospheric conditions.
Are you talking about decompression?
[suspenseful music plays]
What is it with this space suit?
[Touya] It's the one
we give to absolute beginners.
Cannot connect to the Internet.
Why do I get the ball for toddlers?
I wanted to do a real EVA.
[Touya] All systems check.
Equipment good.
Oxygen good. All comms good.
Secure the hatch.
-Airtight seal?
-[Konoha] Confirmed.
Konoha, atmospheric suit lock disengaged.
Konoha and Mina,
secure Nasa into the wheelchair.
Decompression chamber locked.
We'll leave last
and decompress as we walk.
But we won't have enough time
to fully decompress.
So do your best.
We're gonna get decompression sickness,
but we'll live.
You'll experience extreme pain and nausea,
but you have get through it
no matter what, Taiyou.
Okay. Let's do this!
[triumphant music playing]
Okay, everyone. Listen up.
We the people who are living off Earth,
have an obligation
to help and protect these Earthlings
who know squat about space.
We'll make sure
each one of you gets back to Earth alive.
We're gonna walk to Mars.
[shouting]
[Touya] Chief, don't drop
the professor from the walkway.
Everyone, follow the chief.
[Taiyou panting]
It's super difficult to walk.
Take out the air in your suit.
[space suit squeaking]
[Mina] Look at Earth.
It looks closer than before.
[Konoha gasps]
[gasps] Huh?
[Hiroshi] I don't think
it's supposed to be snowing up there.
What's that pattern that's up there?
It's an "S" Pattern.
Nasa, what are you talking about?
It's the sacred symbol
that shows up in the Seven Poem.
It's mentioned quite often.
"S" Pattern?
-[high-pitched echo]
-[gasps] A comet.
[groans] Konoha, what's wrong?
[Touya] Konoha, keep walking!
A comet is coming.
There's a comet coming. There!
[sighs] This day couldn't get any worse.
Yeah. Worse is my middle name.
[Anshin-kun groans] Where am I?
Chief, is your head back to normal?
Yes. What's the current situation?
[Touya]
Comet fragments are headed this way.
The time has come
to use my secret invention.
Body-expanse operation!
Wow! So buff!
[groans]
[gasps] Oh.
[shouting]
-The comet!
-Run for it!
[exclaims]
[adventurous music playing]
[both grunt]
[both shout]
[groaning]
Taiyou!
[struggles]
[grunts] Taiyou!
[groaning]
[shrieking]
Oh, no.
[shrieking continues]
Just a little more. Reach for-- [yelps]
[grunts, pants]
[Touya strains]
-[Touya yelps]
-[Taiyou] Detach the tether.
Damn it. It won't come off.
[struggles] Can't keep holding on hold.
This gravity's just too strong!
[both groaning]
[both sigh]
[pants] Hey, you know, you've got
some real guts for an Earthling.
You too.
Wasn't it just an hour ago you were saying
that all Earthlings should die?
[chuckles] Oh, shut up, Earthling.
[Touya] So, I may have thought
all you Earthlings were pretty stupid,
but you're not so bad.
-[Konoha chuckles]
-Aw, thanks Touya!
Yeah. You don't have to force yourself
to sound like a leader.
[all chuckle]
The release mechanism is not working.
The release--
-The release mechanism is not working.
-I am never wearing a space suit again!
[Anshin-kun] If we climb up,
we should get to the control room.
What's that? It looks like a metal grater.
[Touya] It's the heavy bulkhead.
[Taiyou] Can we open it manually?
We can't open this one
without Twelve's assistance.
[groans] Another dead end?
The wall's wireless charging is working.
Looks like
the electric grid is repairing itself.
If we can bypass this,
I might be able to restore--
-[bang echoes]
-Huh?
-[chirping]
-[Hiroshi] You got the power on!
[playful music playing]
[Hiroshi] This looks like
the Mars Historical Development Museum.
[Touya] And lift. [grunts]
Whoa.
By the way,
doesn't this ground seem a little weird?
Yeah, it sure does.
It's kind of curved.
Oh, I know why.
This place generates gravity
by rotating around.
So the ground has this sort of curvature.
Just watch!
The gravity is sideways over here! Whoo!
[Anshin-kun]
I'm going to plug in and recharge.
PATHWAY TO C CYLINDER CLOSED
[Touya] This pathway has a hole in it too.
[Taiyou] Then this is a dead end.
How long do you estimate
the cloth bulkhead will last?
I think about half a day.
[Mina] What? A convenience store?
[Anshin-kun] Yup. My treat.
Get some supplies
and eat whatever you want.
-[Mina] Thank you Mr. Anshin-kun!
-[Hiroshi] This is the greatest day ever!
[Konoha] Good. It's still working.
Uh…
So it's an "S" Pattern.
That's what Nasa said.
[gasps]
[high-pitched echoing]
[sighs]
Oh. "Comet water"?
Isn't this that water
that's made with rockets or something?
It's not made with rockets.
The comet is melted into plasma
and rockets harvest it.
Oh, plasma. Sure, I know about that.
-Plasma's so delicious.
-[sighs]
Damn. Can't see it from here either.
What are you doing, Touya?
I just wanted to see
if the control room is okay.
-Huh?
-Whoa.
I can't see it from here.
[Touya sighs]
If I could connect to the Internet,
I could look at the control room
with my cyber glasses.
OUT OF RANGE
Uncle.
I'm sure you can see it
from another window. I'll go find one.
Mmm.
UNCLE, STILL ALIVE? REPLY.
MESSAGE FAILED TO SEND
He and his crew should be right above us.
[Taiyou] Hey, Touya.
Thanks for all of your help.
Eh, it was nothing really.
This comet water is harvested
thanks to Seven's breakthrough technology,
isn't it?
I suppose so.
But it still tastes
just like regular water.
Yeah, right.
Touya, I bet you hate Seven, huh?
[scoffs] Huh?
I think Seven made a mistake
in your implant during the Lunatic event.
There's still so much mystery
about that incident.
At that time on the moon,
Seven's intelligence began increasing.
It's level went up at a fast rate,
but then it lost control
and couldn't handle the information.
Finally, it sabotaged its new intelligence
by destroying
its own CPU's main framework.
Everything Seven designed lost control
causing accidents worldwide.
The casualties were in the thousands.
That's why UN2
requires intelligence limits.
To prevent Lunatic from happening again.
As your friend,
I wanna help you as much as I can.
So please give me that drone.
It can only cause trouble now that
the intelligence limiter's been removed.
What do you say?
We need to dispose of it properly.
Let's do it together.
With my father's connections at UN2,
I'm sure we can fix the implants,
without the nuclear option
of bringing Lunatic back online
causing all kinds of--
No, thank you.
Why not?
You don't wanna repeat the same mistakes
that Seven made, do you?
You don't understand anything.
[scoffs]
It's like you're protecting Seven.
You know that if Seven
had an intelligence limiter,
you and the others
wouldn't be suffering so much.
You may be right.
But without Seven's implant design,
we would've all been dead
when we were still little kids.
[Taiyou] What?
Like I said before,
the implants worked fine
when we were all still toddlers.
If Seven had an intelligence limiter,
Konoha and I would've been dead at
three years old like the other ten kids.
-But-- But now--
-Seven didn't fail.
It simply fixed a problem
but without a long term solution.
Well,
that sure sounds like a failure to me.
I mean, your implant. It's killing you.
I'm not dead yet.
What about Konoha?
If Seven wasn't terminated,
it may have fixed itself.
It could've gained more intelligence.
Maybe it would've
successfully found a solution.
It's UN2 that made the mistake.
I am going to destroy
those UN2 intelligence limiters.
Then I'll create an AI
that'll go beyond Seven and survive.
I am not gonna die
and neither will Konoha.
This conversation's not over!
[Nasa groans] It's starting to hurt again.
-Nasa!
-Mmm?
The convenience store
has its own Smart printer.
I've been printing like crazy.
Pretty cool, huh?
Your Smart is ancient, so you'll only
be able to print the older stickers.
[gasps] You should use mine.
-Uh… I'm fine with this one.
-[Hiroshi] Oh.
Oh! Is that a printer too?
[Nasa]
Oh, yeah. I thought I'd make a brace.
Are you still in a lot of pain?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
It really doesn't hurt anymore.
[panting]
Ooh! [squeals]
Nasa, we truly appreciate you shielding us
in the elevator before. Thank you.
Uh, yes. Thank you very much.
Oh, no, no no.
It's my job to make sure
our guests are safe.
That's why I was hired.
How are your injuries?
Oh. I'm fine, really.
I should know.
I'm actually the station's head doctor.
Now stop distracting me
and go play somewhere else.
As you know, I don't like children.
[both] Okay.
Uh, so tired.
I don't like kids, but for some reason
I'm very popular with them.
[coughs, groans]
I better hurry.
Hmm? [chuckles]
-The sun went down.
-Night mode is on.
Seven went so far
beyond non-human intelligence
that it turned itself into Lunatic.
It kept spitting out all these
incomprehensible formulas and words.
You mean the Seven Poem.
Everyone's heard of that.
THE TRUTH OF LUNATIC SEVEN
[Taiyou] There were rumors
of codified predictions for the future.
UN2 and other researchers
tried to decipher it,
but of course they couldn't.
It was exploited by cultists
and terrorists like John Doe
and used as money-making schemes.
Of course, there's information
that wasn't made public.
There was a small portion
that was successfully deciphered.
This is what the portion said.
36.79% of all human beings
must be eliminated immediately.
[Touya] So it was true then?
My dad tried to go public,
but before he got the chance
he was silenced,
and his position at UN2 was stripped away.
I want the world to know what UN2 did.
I wanna get my father's reputation back,
and to share the truth behind Lunatic.
Well, do you know this?
Before Lunatic, Seven said,
"Humans need to leave the cradle.
Humans need to give birth
and rear children off Earth."
At that time,
ten moon children had already died.
And most Earthlings
were against expanding into space,
saying humans needed to go back to Earth.
But we can't go there.
We can't handle the earth's gravity.
So what are we supposed to do?
We have no place at all to call home.
Seven is the only one
who stood up for the two of us.
Its words have been our strength…
for both me and Konoha as well.
What I told you is a secret.
[Taiyou] Let's talk more later.
Slightly off from the Seven Poem again.
Just as I thought. Unknown divergences.
[gasps] Hello Konoha.
I brought you the first aid kit.
Aw, so thoughtful.
Ow. [grunts]
Is there a diagnostic sheet in there?
It looks like a pain-relief patch.
-This it?
-Yeah.
Easy there.
Um, Nasa…
Am I going to die soon?
[gasps]
What are you talking about, Konoha?
Lately, I find myself zoning out a lot.
It gets worse as time goes by.
[chuckles nervously]
Don't say such a silly thing.
I'm the one who looks like she's dying.
Why would you say something like that?
[Konoha] Nasa,
you know a lot about Seven, don't you?
Uh-huh.
I wonder how Seven felt
right before it died.
Seven was the smartest AI
of all time, right?
It left behind the Seven Poem for us.
And it saw the future, right?
[Nasa] Yeah.
[Konoha] So that means
that Seven knew when it was going to die.
Uh…
It knew when it would die
and when the world would end.
It saw everything, but it still
kept looking at the future for humans.
I think I understand
a little bit how how Seven might've felt.
Konoha.
[Konoha] When Seven died,
everything must've looked crystal clear,
like clean water.
And it was able to die without any doubt.
When I think of it like that…
I guess I'm not afraid to die anymore.
Uh…
It let me live until I was 14.
If Seven told me
that I was going to die soon,
-then I'd be reassured--
-Konoha.
[Nasa]
We all die eventually. That's absolute.
But not right away.
And the future, it's been decided already.
-[Konoha] Huh?
-[Nasa] Seven predicted everything.
The Seven Poem is a story about the end.
I know. How about I tell you
a special secret I've been keeping?
[Konoha gasps]
FiTsZ.
Uh, FiTsZ?
It's a secret word. Remember it.
Cyber glasses need either the Internet
or peer comm to connect.
Hmm? A drone for tourists? [exclaims]
[Hiroshi] Touya!
I figured it out.
We can use peer-to-peer
to connect to the drones
that the tourists use
to take photographs with.
[gasps] You did figure it out.
I'm connected.
I got an image.
It's the crab I got caught in before.
[Mina] The shuttle.
The-- The shuttle's not there.
[Hiroshi] The entire shuttle area is gone.
Shuttle!
I see it!
[Touya] Good. The control room is intact.
Oh, no.
It can't be.
No one will die on this station today.
I promise you. No one dies.
My uncle.
Touya, don't lose hope.
Get a grip. Use your brain!
When the control room is
no longer operational…
-Touya, the secondary control room!
-Yeah, right!
[suspenseful music playing]
[Hiroshi] There's a light!
[Touya] I see them!
Uncle!
Mr. Sagami!
Oh, it's a vacuum.
We won't be able to talk to them
like this.
[Touya gasps]
Laser transmission.
[Sagami] Touya, are you all right?
Uncle!
This is Nasa,
all of the kids, along with the chief.
We're all here and we're alive!
Good. I'm so glad to hear
everyone's safe. What a relief.
Where are you?
B Cylinder, on the Mars floor.
Touya, hang tight until
the UN2 rescue vessel arrives.
We will, Uncle.
The sun's coming up.
Everyone, just a little longer.
We are going to get out of this.